Interpersonal-
It can be a difficult thing to provide critical feedback to my peers, I do this well when it comes to other programmers
but with regards to people outside of my speciality it feels a bit like intruding where I don't have good knowledge of the subject.
It's been brought up by some succesful third year teams though that having someone willing to give completely open criticism
even where they are not an expert on the subject has been incredibly beneficial to their projects. Being someone that is
comfortable giving useful and suscinct feedback in a friendly manner will be great for not only myself but also helps 
others find ways to improve. I feel like this type of person can be invaluable to a team and end up being seen in a high regard 
assuming they can supply that feedback in a polite manner.

Action-
During each sprint meeting next term where we review the jobs that have been completed, I will make sure to always give my honest opion 
about the work even if I might not have much knowledge on the subject. I will keep a chart of this for each week
where I can mark down if I failed or succeded. Getting used to giving this feedback will hopefully help other team members
spot possible changes that they might have missed and make it easier for me to do in a profesional environment. I will do this
unless the end of term.


Cognitive-
I haven't spent as much time as i would like practicing skills in C++. The need to more actively manage memory manually in this language compared to others
has been a stumbling point on one of my projects. When creating objects and not deleting them correctly in a project this year
I ended up losing marks due to my lack of knowledge and the programme didn't work as optimally as it could have. 
I knew this was a problem but found myself unable to find the solution.
These flaws wouldn't be acceptable in a professional environment where every bit of memory for a project is very important, not to mention
the problems it could cause for users if handled incorrectly. 

Action-
I have found two useful reasources that teach about memory management[cite https://lwn.net/Articles/250967/ - https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C%2B%2B_Programming/Memory_Management].
Each week I will spend 2 hours reading through these sites until I have covered all the topics listed. I will make a list of
all the topics and check them off as I complete them. Going through these reasources should give me a better understanding
of how computer memory works and how to succesfully mange it in C++, helping me to write well optimised code in the future.


Procedural-
I have grown a new respect for UML diagrams over the past year, I still can find them difficult to create
as it can be tricky for me to plan ahead how things will interact as i'm still learning a lot. However, i see the 
value in having a base plan and would really like to improve my ability to create these diagrams efficently.
Another key reason is that being able to show my processes in UML format will be great when applying for jobs
and trying to show off my ideas to future work colleagues.

Action-
For each new alogorithm I design for projects during the next term I will create relevant UML diagrams to be shown on the
readme.md of the project, these can then be used to measure my progress. This will provide me with good expereince in creating these diagrams and make it easier and faster
to do in the future.

Affective-
When it comes to considering the affective domain I have always struggled here the most. It's very uncommon for me
to stop and think about emotions or mental states, so when I do it doesn't come very naturally. Having a better ability 
to comperhend how different states can be effecting myself and other people will make communicating in work environments 
easier. It should also give me better mental wellbeing allowing me to enjoy my work more, leading to better work.

Action-
At the end of each week during the next term I will set aside 30 minutes of time to stop and contemplate how the weeks experiences have
made me feel, looking specifically for any outlying differences to my normal emotional state. This will give me a better 
understanding of my own emotions and the reasons behind why they have been affected. I will add this to my weekly to-do
list and check off each session.


Dispositional-
My ability to organise my time and manage my projects over a large time scale has improved greatly by folllowing previous
smart goals I have created. Though I still see room for improvement. The new area of fault can be in not splitting 
my work for the day down well enough, i have often had multiple jobs to achieve in a day and end up getting lost in 
completing one too a high standard. Although this overall gives me a high quality of work it has sometimes left other team
members waiting on a job to be completed. This gives an overall slowdown in work for the project which is key to avoid
 as it can not only annoy team members but also halt progress in certain areas.

Action-
At the start of each day I will seperate out my jobs as normal but now allocate time to each job. This will help me
move on to the next job and not stay working on the previous. I will keep a record of these to-do lists and mark them 
as succesful or over-ran depending on how the day went.

